TINY-9184: Set the separate color swatches (#8157)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

> ### Added

Reviewer: There doesn't appear to be any changelog entry for the new `storageKey` option either. Is that expected as it's a public API?

Author: Sure, I'll add an entry for that.

Reviewer: @HAFRMO you appear to have missed this...

- New `expand` function added to `tinymce.selection` which expands the selection around the nearest word. #TINY-9001
- New `expand` function added to `tinymce.dom.RangeUtils` to return a new range expanded around the nearest word. #TINY-9001

> - New `color_map_background` option which sets the default colors in the background highlight colorswatch #TINY-9184
> - New `color_map_foreground` option which sets the default colors in the textcolor colorswatch #TINY-9184

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New `color_map_background` option which sets the default colors in the background highlight colorswatch. #TINY-9184
- New `color_map_foreground` option which sets the default colors in the textcolor colorswatch. #TINY-9184
```

> - New `color_map_background` option which sets the default colors in the background highlight colorswatch. #TINY-9184
> - New `color_map_foreground` option which sets the default colors in the textcolor colorswatch. #TINY-9184

Reviewer: In @hamza0867 now merged PR he combined these based on something @ltrouton said which makes sense to me, so this matches that (also removes some confusion around `default` related to the other PR).
```suggestion
- New `color_map_background` and `color_map_foreground` option which sets the base colors used in the `backcolor` and `forecolor` toolbar buttons and menu items. #TINY-9184
```
